_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "Michael Burgess"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I recently graduated from MIT with a Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering. Next year, I will continue my education at MIT into a graduate program studying topics in robotic manipulation. I am primarily interested in developing new control pipelines using tactile-based sensing. I would like to create robots that are able to perceive the dynamic properties of the object's they interact with, in order to make more sophisticated plans. Ultimately, I am interesting in building safe and intelligent autonomous systems that could be deployed in the real-world and applied to help smooth logistics and improve infrastructure.

Throughout my young career, I have garnered vast multidisciplinary expertise. Outside of robotics, I have had the opportunity to work on complex fluids research projects, challenging mechanical design problems, software development, and much more. Projects such as these are shown throughout my portfolio on this web page. I have the ability to work on the full stack from hands-on hardware manufacturing to high-level algorithm design.

I'm originally from seacoast New Hampshire, but am now located in the Cambridge / Boston area. In my free time, I love to skateboard and play music. I've been playing the drums for years and recently began learning guitar.

Thank you for taking a look at some of my work!

Commit message:

Add new position as Master's student

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "Michael Burgess"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hello! I am a Master's student in the [Perceptual Science Group](http://persci.mit.edu/home) at MIT under Prof. Ted Adelson. I recently graduated from MIT with a Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering. I am primarily interested in developing new perception and control pipelines using tactile-based sensing. I would like to create robots that are able to perceive the dynamic properties of the object's they interact with, in order to make intelligent and safe decisions. Ultimately, I am interesting in building safe and intelligent autonomous systems that could be deployed in the real-world and applied to help smooth logistics and improve infrastructure.

Throughout my young career, I have garnered vast multidisciplinary expertise. Outside of robotics, I have had the opportunity to work on complex fluids research projects, challenging mechanical design problems, software development, and much more. Projects such as these are shown throughout my portfolio on this web page. I have the ability to work on the full stack from hands-on hardware manufacturing to high-level algorithm design.

I'm originally from seacoast New Hampshire, but am now located in the Cambridge / Boston area. In my free time, I love to skateboard and play music. I've been playing the drums for years and recently began learning guitar.

Thank you for taking a look at some of my work!
